Vanessa you think I'm self-absorbed it I
think self-absorption is underrated my
name is the festive wetherhold because
it's important that we all get to know
one another I would like you to wear
these I've taken to other courses from
you and you still don't know my name is
do you most certainly do what is it look
miss Qin you just looked from Stella I'm
calling about your father he's here in
the ER he's had an accident so what
happened your head full of yours have
you suffered seizures before oh ya know
why you can't legally drive for six
months I'm not being your chauffeur
these times are crucial Young
Republicans Model UN and I need the
perfect score in the s80 it's my girl
what are you doing aren't you happy to
see your brother Lawrence adopted
brother I love you what the hell are you
doing here watching a documentary on
snow edge he's pretty sure he's gonna
move in and be your driver I'm here to
help you sound like a motivational
speaker I'm a little low on cash right
now it's kind of a win-win situation
make a left when's the last time you did
something fun of like a normal teenager
I don't think you're very happy well
you're not happy and you're my role
model uns the last time you told your
daughter you were proud of her for
making straight a's physicians and I'm
uncultured like oh so many in the
medical profession everyone in my life
is going crazy you know one that's crazy
socially retarded and can't get along
with women should be gay oh Jesus in an
after school special
high near the doctor girlfriend right he
adopted brother right and the cake LexA
tonin that's an antidepressant I stole
it for the break room welcome
I translated the recipe from old french
and that's why it tastes like burnt
tires well if you'd like I could jam
that up yet these children haven't been
properly parented in many years they're
practically feral that's why I was
brought in
good work
you